==INPUT and ASSUMPTIONS==

text is in a single file; use simple mark-down? important things will be:
  * paragraph breaks
  * section breaks (no numbers, just icon/dingbat divider)
  * chapter breaks

let's assume front matter will be created and edited elsewhere, and will be specific for the format

Let's assume the only two formats will be (1) print (PDF) and (2) epub, as input to Kindle generator

let's assume text is UTF-8, including non-ASCII chars like em dash, curly single and double quotes
  --> test: run a character inventory on the file before further processing
      Q: Which characters in the inventory will need to be replaced with HTML entities?
      Q: Do you want to turn all straight single and double quotes to curved quotes?

Let's assume that the for-print title page will be hand-crafted; shall we create a LaTeX input file to generate a PDF?

NOTE: Use Pandoc (pandoc.org) to convert from markdown to HTML or LaTeX?
   Q: Will Pandoc automatically convert to HTML entities?

==PROCESS==

Editing:
-- check for consistency with em-dashes
-- check for consistency with en-dashes
-- check for consistency with turned double quotes, turned single quotes
-- check that there are no straight quotes (single or double)
-- check for consistency in whitespace?

Processing:
  ebook:
     convert non-ASCII to html entities
     add minimal html (paragraph tags)
     split chapters into separate files
     generate the various table of contents and indices

  print:
     convert to LaTeX format
     insert text into pre-worked "template" with front/back matter?
     make sure style file is correct
     generate PDF?

==OLD==

To do list for Em's ADVANCED READER COPY formatting:

D- check for consistency with em-dashes (all parentheticals, interruptions, incompletes, no space padding)
D- check for consistency with en-dashes (course names and locations, no space padding)
D- check for consistency with section breaks, get rid of extra white space characters
D- check for consistency with chapter headings
D- found and removed all extraneous tabs
D- re-read once
D- add front matter, at least copyright info
D- add ToC
FORK: PDF and ebook versions here
D- add cover placeholder (for PDF version)
D- hatchmarks or cross-hatching
D- no plain apostrophes?
D- consistency in "onstage" versus "on stage"? 

D- fix multi-font embedding issue (regular and bold)
D- fix title page (if Em wants a graphic there)
D- Size of title
D- Size of chapter headings
D- Title page single lines
X- fix link to review? (maybe?) (print? ebook?)
?- Fix ebook contents dedication not in FRONT MATTER

- hyphen
– en dash
— em dash
' apostrophe
’ turned apostrophe
‘

Font: Johnny Mac Scrawl created by Ænigma Fonts, fee required for commercial use.
